README.md, before:

# NgSpanishMenu

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

chore(deps): install storybook and update README
Signed-off-by: Connie Leung <cleung334@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# NgSpanishMenu

The application shows a Spanish menu and customer has to choose dishes and beverage from it. After each selection, a card is created to display description and price dynamically. Finally, the application calculates the total price that customer has to play before leaving the restaurant.

## Version

- Node 14
- NPM 7

#Todo

- Create a card to display description, quantity and price for now
- Create Menu item component that displays description and price. Customer edits quality and clicks add button to order
- Create Menu component that iterate food and drink choices to render menu items
- Test components with Storybook
- Someone who is good at UX (Not me!!!!) will design the application layout

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
